


[1]
Specifically, Plaintiffs failed to allege which defendant made any
representation, summarily conclude they justifiably relied on representations,
and failed to allege how Plaintiffs’ reliance on the representations was a
substantial factor in causing their harm. Additionally, the Compass Defendants
contend that there was no duty to disclose facts which were visually apparent
to Plaintiffs.
 


[2]
In the previous demurrer, the court noted, as proposed by Compass Defendants,
that there is also a duty requirement. However, upon further review of the
authorities cited by Compass Defendants, there is no duty requirement for
negligent misrepresentation because it is a separate tort from negligence. As
such, the court defers discussion of duty until the second cause of action for
negligence.


[3]
Compass Defendants concluded the SAC failed to demonstrate how Plaintiffs were
damaged. (Dem. At 7:10-11.) However, reading the SAC in full and in context,
the court can infer that Plaintiffs suffered damages such as purchasing the
Property at all, paying more consideration than they would have if they had
known about the encroachment, the cost to remediate the encroachments. The
court notes this list is exemplary only and not a comment on the merits of
Plaintiffs’ case. This is sufficient to survive the pleading stage. Whether
evidence will be adduced to survive a dispositive motion or prevail at trial
remains to be seen.
 


[4]
As to duty, the Compass Defendants also contend that pursuant to Civil Code §
2079.16, they were only required to disclose facts known to the agent that are
not known to or within the diligent attention and observation of the parties.

