


[1]           The
motion was filed (and electronically served) on March 27, 2023 and originally
set for hearing on October 11, 2023. Again, on April 26, 2023, the above cases
were transferred from Department 27 of
the Personal Injury Court to Department L (and subsequently to the instant
department). On June 6, 2023, moving defendants filed (and electronically
served) a “Notice of Continuance of Defendants’ Motion to Consolidate,”
advising therein that the October 11, 2023 hearing date had been continued to
November 15, 2023. On August 2, 2023, the above cases were reassigned,
effective August 14, 2023, to Judge Gridiron Winston in Department 6, West
Covina Courthouse.
 
On October 4, 2023, moving
defendants filed (and electronically served) an “Amended Notice of Defendants’
Motion to Consolidate,” advising therein that the November 15, 2023 hearing on
the instant motion would now take place in Department 6 in West Covina. On
November 2, 2023, a “Notice of Case Reassignment and Order for Plaintiff to
Give Notice (Dates Remain)” was filed, wherein C. Milliner was instructed to
give notice that the instant case had been reassigned to Department K and that
all matters on calendar would remain set on the dates previously noticed but
now in Department K. There is no indication on ecourt (i.e., as of November 8,
2023, 3:09 p.m.) that C. Milliner has provided notice as instructed. Further,
moving defendants’ counsel, Lisa Louise Renaud (“Renaud”), was listed on the
proof of service accompanying the November 2, 2023 notice; however, it does not
appear that Renaud has given notice to the parties of the change in location on
the instant motion.
 


                 [2]           On November 1, 2023, Garcia Martinez filed a “Notice of Non-Opposition” to the
instant motion.

