


[1]
Defendant disputes the characterization of the testimony, but in this
proceeding, the Court must view the evidence, and all reasonable inferences, in
the light most favorable to Plaintiff. (Reply at p. 7.) Defendant further
argues that Herman Douglas was not employed by defendant at the time decedent
was stabbed. (Reply at p. 12.) However, Douglas testified that Sam was his boss
and paid him. (Pl. Exh. F. at 2179:28-2180:3.) Again, the Court must view the
evidence in the light most favorable to Plaintiff for purposes of summary
judgment.


[2] The
California Rules of Court states that the Separate Statement of Undisputed
Material Facts in support of a motion for summary judgment or adjudication must
separately identify: each cause of action, claim for damages, issue of duty, or
affirmative defense that is the subject of the motion; and each supporting
material fact claimed to be without dispute with respect to the cause of
action, claim for damages, issue of duty, or affirmative defense that is the
subject of the motion. (Cal. Rules Court, rule 3.1350(d)(1).) “[A]ll material
facts must be set forth in the separate statement. ‘This is the Golden Rule of
Summary Adjudication: if it is not set forth in the separate statement, it does
not exist. Both the court and the opposing party are entitled to have all the
facts upon which the moving party bases its motion plainly set forth in the
separate statement.’” (United Community Church v. Garcin (1991) 231
Cal.App.3d 327, 337 [emphasis in original, citation omitted] [superseded by
statute on other grounds] [“it is no answer to say the facts set out in the
supporting evidence or memoranda of points and authorities are sufficient”].).

