


[1] The
Court notes that Plaintiff’s opposition was due on December 20, 2023, but was
filed on December 22, 2023. It is therefore untimely. However, the Court, in
its discretion will consider the opposition. 


[2] In the
Sur-Reply filed by Plaintiff on December 28, 2023, Plaintiff argues she has
waived her loss of earnings claim. (Sur-reply, 2.) However, she did not make
this argument in the opposition. Plaintiff provides no proof or declaration
that the loss of earnings claim is waived. Therefore, without proof or a
representation by Defendants that the claim is waived, Plaintiff must provide
further responses to numbers 8.6–8.8. 


[3] The
Court notes that Plaintiff’s opposition was due on December 20, 2023, but was
filed on December 22, 2023. It is therefore untimely. However, the Court, in
its discretion will consider the opposition. 


[4] While
Defendant also requests a further response to number 14 in the motion, number
14 is not included in the Separate Statement. Therefore, because number 14
appears to be answered, and it is not in the Separate Statement, the Court denies
the motion to compel further number 14. (See Mills
v. U.S. Bank (2008)
166 Cal.App.4th 871, 893; Cal Rules of Court, rule 3.1345(a)(2).)


[5]
Plaintiff argues that responses were served that respond to numbers 12 and 13.
However, although the declaration of counsel references an attachment, no
responses are attached as an exhibit. Defendants’ reply does not confirm that
amended responses were served.


[6] In the
Sur-Reply filed by Plaintiff on December 28, 2023, Plaintiff argues she has
waived her loss of earnings claim. (Sur-reply, 2.) However, she did not make
this argument in the opposition. Plaintiff provides no proof or declaration
that the loss of earnings claim is waived. Therefore, without proof or a
representation by Defendants that the claim is waived, Plaintiff must provide
further responses.

