


[1] The
cases cited by Defendant in the Supplemental Brief in Support of Defendant’s
Motion for Summary Judgment involve an obviously wet condition, either because
of rain or because of a hose or sprinklers. Therefore, a reasonable person
could be expected to see and recognize that condition when using due care.
Here, Plaintiff disputes that he saw the condition. More importantly, while a
reasonable person (even a 10-year old boy) may be expected to see that someone
is mopping the floor which makes it wet, whether a person could reasonably be
expected to recognize that a particular portion of the floor remains wet or
slippery depends on other factors such as how the floor looks and how much time
has passed.  The Court cannot make this
determination as a matter of law simply by looking at the video evidence
because the video does not establish the obviousness of the wet condition.


[2]
Defendant cites to Melancon v. Popeye’s Famous Fried Chicken (La.Ct.App.
2011) 59 So.3d 513, 516, which holds that Popeye’s exercised reasonable care by
placing two yellow warning signs near the counter and at the entrance. Here,
however, the warning sign was moved as the mopping continued throughout the
restaurant. Significantly, it was moved from the front of the door to the side
of the door at the time Plaintiff slipped.


[3]
Defendant argues in reply that “Plaintiff claims that he was too young to
understand not to run across a floor while it is being mopped, but was old
enough for his mother to ask him to go get change from the truck, was old
enough for him to appreciate the ‘bad, bad, bad’ neighborhood they were in and
wanting to protect his mother from ‘some guys.’” (Reply at pg. 2.) However, on
summary judgment, the Court’s function is not to determine issues or the
credibility of a witness. Rather, when the evidence is in conflict, it is up to
the factfinder to determine at trial.

